+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
    IMPORTANT - IMPORTANT - IMPORTANT - IMPORTANT - IMPORTANT - IMPORTANT
        Information for the running of a talker based on Amnuts 2.3.0
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

If you are installing this Amnuts version as a fresh talker, with no prior
datafiles, then this document may be of interest to you.  I would advise that
you read it, and the documents it points you to.

However, if you are going to upgrade your existing talker, or are going to use
this code as your base and add bits from your existing talker, then it is
vital you read this document and the others before you make any changes.

First off, I am stopping support through email.  I no longer have the time
for it.  However, the Amnuts website will always have the message board and
support of all the users that read it.  So continue to post there with any
questions/comments/bug reports/wishes/etc.

The main difference you will notice about this code and any of the previous
releases is that Amnuts now comes in many different files.  This means that if
you make changes to any one of the .c files then you don't have to recompile
everything again - just that one file.  This means, however, that if you're a
previous Amnuts programmer you may have to reaquaint yourself with the code,
because all the functions are now in different places.  If you check out the
prototypes.h file (in the includes directory) you'll notice all of the
functions listed under whatever file they're located in.

Compiling is now different.  You'll have to compile using the Makefile.
More information can be found in the 'compiling' document, found in the 'docs'
directory.  No help will be given to those emailing me asking how to compile
the code.  In fact, your name will probably end up on my ignore list if you do
that! ;)  You should read the compiling document, and then have a look at the
Makefile and familiarize yourself with it.

The room keys, friends list and ignored user lists your users have currently
setup no longer apply. This is because of the new 'flagged user' system
that's been put into place. Now, instead of a file for the keys, a file for
the friends and a file for the ignored users, there is just one file which
does the lot.  The files are saved in a directory called 'flagged', which is
in the userfiles directory, and the files have a .U extension.  This upgrade
is much more extensible, and efficient, than the previous way.  Because of
this, a utility has been written and placed in the utilities directory.  The
util is called 'convert_to_230', and you should alter the shebang line (#!)
to point to wherever your perl binary can be found...  Either or just remove
the files the users have currently setup.

The ident deamon needs to be compiled and run seperatly.  This is because
it's a seperate program to the talker.

Remember to login initially with the username 'test' and the password
'test'.  You should then create a user file for yourself (by logging in
or using the create command) and use the test character to promote
yourself to the highest rank.  Then DELETE the test account so noone
else can use it.  (Alternativly, of course, you could login with Test,
change the password, and then use the name changing command :)

The *MOST* important thing to remember though is; RTFM!!  Read the
documents supplied with the distribution, look at the code, try something
out.. Only then if that fails should you go asking questions on boards and
such.  It also helps if you give an example of what you've tried too.
Bug reports I'm still up to receiving, but even then, don't be upset if
you don't get a thorough response.



                                                              Andrew Collington
                                                                September, 2001
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
